Pokemon Tretta version of the book is well encouraged
Early Summer 2013 5
I have a fanbook rookie dresser attached in the appendix every time .
this time
Recording
Here a
It is Rior
cute
9 types of 40 fighting types
There is a skill
Take
63 hit points
These 50
41 was done 55
Special or
I'm not even strong, though
It's with a privilege not many Torretta also it is was taken now
This is it
Use the report
This using chopsticks
It is to play
And I want to say and point to redeem the result screen comes out
That 's what the animal looks like
By apparently do next large log
It looks like a voucher that something good happens
It has not yet been written in detail by people about what you can get or whether something good happens
but
I went to hear that there is a good thing something
Because I can not go for relief
I want to use this to get a play interview
the same
You are here in two countries
It's Hanbok special made, but it's Tretta Space
It looks like the third part of system mathematics
Is it Torretta ?
Three
You are supposed to enter
It's a bird in the gap
Oh
It feels like
There is a hole in the 3 pieces of decommissioning furnace .
If you can do the day and hang it on your neck
It is a back that looks like they sell
There is also 1 for the Torretta Report
It has become
Re Toka you put in here, be sure to three that caught against them because I want to catch an empty seat
Favorite Pokemon
If you put 3 bodies
Toletta is
I think it is your sense
The Ru use this time
Good thing happens in the sixth
Benefits also be referred to as the amount of blood
When to use this
Right now
It is this time
It is more than introduction rioru